   PRIVACY POLICY

   1. Definitions

      "Policy" shall mean terms and conditions for collection of information from
      or about a user as defined by this document. This includes clarifying types
      of information collected, how this information is being collected, used and
      shared.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual using Application. By simple
      use of Application Your accept this Policy and agree on the terms described
      in this document. If You do not agree on the terms of this Policy, please
      stop using Application immediately.

      "Personally Identifiable Information" shall mean information that can be
      used to identify or contact You, such as Your name, address, telephone
      number, email address or other contact information. You are responsible for
      ensuring the accuracy of all Personally Identifiable Information that You
      provide to Application. Inaccurate information may affect Your experience
      when using Application.

      "Non-personally Identifiable Information" shall mean information where one
      cannot determine the identity of a natural person.

   2. Data being collected

      Any personal or sensitive user data is being collected by Application only
      for the purpose of providing or improving the features of Application.

      Application does not collect Personally Identifiable Information.

      Application does not collect Non-personally Identifiable Information. All
      Non-personally Identifiable Information required for providing the
      features of Application is stored on Your device.

   3. How data is used

      Any personal or sensitive user data is being collected by Application only
      for the purpose of providing or improving the features of Application.

      Collected user data is used as required by applicable law, legal process
      or regulation.

   4. Data being disclosed

      In general, Your personal data may be disclosed without your consent
      to disclosure when disclosure is appropriate in order to:

      (a) Comply with the law (e.g., lawful subpoena or court order);

      (b) Cooperate with or report to law enforcement agencies in investigations
          that involve users who use Application for activities that are or seem
          illegal or illegitimate activities;

      (c) Protect our rights or property or that of our affiliates, including
          respective officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content
          providers, suppliers, sponsors, or licensors (e.g., to address
          allegations about fraudulent or unlawful activity related to
          Application).

      (d) To defend us and our affiliates, licensors, officers, agents and
          representatives from legal claims and processes brought to us by third
          parties (including takedown notices);

   5. Age Restriction

      Application does not knowingly collect any kind of information
      from persons under the age of thirteen (13). By using Application, you
      hereby represent and warrant that

      (a) you are at least thirteen (13) years of age — or older — as of the
          date of first access to the Site; and,

      (b) if you are a minor (which may differ depending on the jurisdiction
          where you reside), you are accessing the Application under the
          direct supervision of your parent or legal guardian.

   6. Amendments

      This Policy may be changed from time to time as laws, regulations,
      industry standards and/or this Application evolves. We will post the
      changes to this page and encourage you to review our Policy periodically
      to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy
      rights, we will provide additional notice, such as via email or through
      the Application. If you disagree with the changes to this Policy, you
      should stop using Application.
